my most favorite place to live occurred when I was a kid. I was, um, in
the military at the time, But my father was he was in the Army. I
think he was in the six at the time, but at that time were staying on
an American base and life was great for me. I didn't grow up rich.
I had very few things, but he had a decent salary and could provide
me with something. For every single holiday. All of my friends were,
uh we're in a similar position. Um, that that I had They had parents
that were officers or high level, um, enlisted people. And we had
lots of toys to choose from. We're all together playing, playing in
the sand lot. Um, using, you know, like a fake guns. And the roller
skating rink was 25 cents. I think all the food at the commissary was
super cheap. Eso chief, that you could buy, like, tons and tons of
food with a $5. Uh, the $5 allowance that you've got comic books were,
you know, like, I guess tax free. Everything about the military
base was annoyed. Idealize, uh, society. So, um, that's one of the
reasons that I joined, um, later on in in in my career